hey everybody I've got a great trick for
beginners it's a very simple very fast
very straightforward I've got a pencil
here and a quarter and I'm going to
place the core on my hand just like that
and watch one two three three taps and
the coin is completely gone I'm left
with the pencil and my two empty hands
so like I said this is a very basic
trick great for beginners you're just
going to need a pencil you could use
maybe you have a magic wand something
like a pencil and you're going to need a
coin and you have a coin will work
you're going to start you're going to
take the coin place it on towards the
end of your fingertips you're going to
take the pencil hold it just like this
so that the pencil is lying across right
where your fingers meet your palm place
it just like that bring your fingers in
and hold it just like that now the trick
to this is that when you are banging on
it the final time you do it you're going
to throw the coin up just a little bit
enough so that when you come down your
hands will actually let go of the pencil
open up and grab the coin so I'll show
you what it looks like you're going to
hit it one two and the final time you're
going to throw it up and catch it so
it's just a matter of practicing that
move that's throwing it up and catching
it a big part of this trick is
disguising the catching part so instead
of going like this you're going to say
I'm going to do three taps one two three
that looks very obvious you're going to
want to try to make each one of the taps
as close as possible to the actual
vanish so you're not going to go soft
soft hard you're going to go hard all
the time so it kind of disguises it the
next part of this trick is you're going
to want to do it on a desk table
something where it has an edge that
you're sitting it and the importance of
that is that when you finally do the
throwing and catching motion and put it
in your right hand if you're a righty or
left hand if you're a lefty when you put
it in the hand that's holding the pencil
you're going to want to show with your
left hand
it is completely gone and while you're
doing that you're going to take the hand
that the coin is concealed in you're
going to pull it off to the edge
carefully and very naturally and
nonchalantly you're going to drop it off
and you're going to bring it back slowly
and you're going to try to time it so
just as you're finished showing you're
going to drop the pencil and show this
hand to and then show both hands you're
going to want to have maybe a blanket a
pillow or a very soft carpet on the
ground so that when you do drop it it
doesn't make a noise you can even hear
that there's a noise I drop it on this
so you're going to want some type of
padding so it doesn't make any type of
noise and it is completely cushioned so
one more time you're going to take it
you're going to say I've got a trick to
show you
it's great for school it's great for
really anywhere that you have a coin
because anywhere you can find a coin
coin I'm sure you can find a pencil
close pot so you're going to take it one
whack up be careful that so one whack -
whack three whacks completely gone you
show it you drop the coin you bring it
back drop the pencil show your hands are
empty and that is the trick it's great
for beginners like I said it's not very
advanced so there's not a whole lot of
sleight to it which means that you may
get caught doing this because it is very
easy to do but anyways that's the trick
very simple like I said you have any
questions with it just comment I'll be
happy to answer thanks for watching
you